hey guys Adrienne here from Adrienne's
tech comm and tech geek comm today I'm
going to be giving you my explanation of
chroma key simple forms you know
answering a couple questions how you
know breaking it down and how it works
in the process and everything so I hope
you enjoy this video and hope you
learned some stuff so to first explain
how chroma key works we have to know
exactly what chroma key is chroma key is
a technique for mixing two images either
frames or frames together in which a
color or you know from one image is
removed and made transparent or you know
the opacity is lowered which meaning you
know goes translucent revealing another
image behind it or even video behind it
this technique is also referred to as
you know color king color separation
overlays ESO green screen blue screen or
as we know it chroma keying so um it was
invented back in the 1930s when is
developed by RKO which is a radio
pictures another studio company which
they were trying to develop a traveling
matte method for you know entertainment
movies and stuff like that which you
know which is now evolved into what is
now known as chroma key now the chroma
keying process itself is rather simple
at first and that gets a little more
technical now first off you're going to
want to take your video your you know
get your subject in front of your green
screen blue screen whatever chroma
keying equipment you have and take your
video now once you get your video you're
going to want to drop it into your
editing software here's what could make
it a little bit more technical depending
on what you want to do now there's many
software out there like Vegas the Vegas
series the dhobi premiere series I
believe iMovie has support for it you
know a little bit more simple video
editors like Movie Maker don't have
support for editing chroma key but
basically all you're going to do is drop
in the video and/or image you want and
just want to key out all the green or
blue whatever color your subject is
standing behind and all it will do is
replace the color whether like I said a
movie to be green black blue white
whatever and replace it with a you know
your video or your you know image
whatever you want to be so and that's a
pretty much the gist of the process and
chroma keying now here's some basic
chroma key tips and some stuff you
when filming and editing your chroma key
now when filming one of the biggest
challenges that will affect your editing
is lighting you always want to make sure
you have great even lit light with your
subject and the green-screen that way
you won't cause any balance you know for
any balance and everything will look
realistic and look evenly
you know lit between the two subjects
and so that you don't cause a lot of
shadows shadows really mess up the way
your chroma keying cut comes out in the
editing suite so on that and you also
make sure your subject isn't wearing
stuff like clashing colors you know
green on green screen you know that
won't work out you might want to invest
in some good equipment of course you can
do it with any lower grade cameras and
you know some free software but you know
the better the equipment the better your
quality and you know the better the
video and the rest really goes into the
editing suite so when you're editing
just want to make sure your key out
every color you know render it out
properly stuff like that and that just
you know that you're picking high-grade
quality you know content that you're
putting in the background you don't want
something you know it's blurry in the
background you want something outside
evenly matched and you know makes a
video look that much better so I mean
again if you want to invest in some
better equipment you can always go to
sites like tube tape comm is great from
chroma key software like soft boxes
halogen light bulb lamps for you know
direct video lighting and they have barn
door shutters a lot of cool stuff and
software that you can check out for your
chroma key needs and that is the best
way I can explain non you know mostly
simple terms how chroma key is and how
it works
so I'm driven you just remember chroma
key is an overlaying of em you know in
the image or video upon a solid color
whether it be green blue you know they
even have a black and white screen so
there's a lot of different type of a
video equipment out there people use in
chroma keying and you know it comes down
to hardware from cameras and lighting to
down to software you know and editing
this way and finally making your final
production video chroma key has really
changed away you know entertainment is
now we have a lot of special effects all
generated off of chroma key and the way
we you don't check out our weather and a
whole bunch of other stuff is all based
off chroma keys
you know now when you take a look at you
know the news or you're watching the
weather you know a little bit about how
chromakey works what it is and you know
the process of actually you know filming
it and editing at all and of course is a
ways that people do it live like news
productions or there's more technical
equipment where you can actually record
the green screen or you know the blue
screen live and get you know the
background images or video processing as
it goes so yeah hope you guys learn
something hope you enjoy this chroma key
video and